
Llia is an OSC client for SuperCollider.  It provides both a collection of
SuperCollider synths and effects, and also a comprehensive MIDI
implementation. 


Features:


1) An open set of SuperCollider synths.  These include both "instruments"
and "effects".  At the time this is written (2016.07.13) there are two
synthesizers, "Orgn" and "Saw3", and three effects, "DirtyBurger",
"StepFilter" and "XOver".  Additional synths will be added later. 

2) Support for all MIDI channel-messages with exception of polyphonic
aftertouch.  MIDI events are handled on the client side and are processed
through various mapping functions before being forwarded to SuperCollider.
This allows MIDI data to be converted to synth parameters.  Two very common
examples is the mapping of MIDI controller 1 (modulation wheel) to synth
vibrato and velocity to volume.  A single MIDI value may be mapped to any
number of parameters.  Velocity for instance may simultaneously control
volume and filter cutoff.

3) Synthesizer outputs may be “patched” to effect inputs and since an
effect is really just a special form of synth, an effect may be processed
through additional effects. 

FIXME:  BUG 0005 Chaining two or more effects is not currently working. 
        
4) A simple Python API provides script support.  Python code may be entered
interactively at a command line prompt or loaded from external script
files.

5) GUI support is optional.  Llia may be operated with or without GUI
support.  If no GUI is enabled Llia operates as terminal based program with
an interactive REPL prompt.  The default GUI system is Tk.  Support for
alternate GUI systems *may* be provided later.  If so either QT or GTK are
prime candidates. 